README.md, before:

# Monokai for major text editors and IDEs

## I have personally created the qtCreator and KDE themes.

### All others are made by their respective authors and under GPL.
## qtCreator:
Put `monokai-qt.xml` in `~/.config/QtProject/qtcreator/styles/` and select scheme in Text Editor preferences.

## KDE
Simply import `Monokai.kateschema` in Settings fonts and colors

## Gnome
Credit to Leo Iannacone for creating the gnome version

> From the gnome wiki
> ## How to install
> To install a style just place its XML file into a folder of the style search path.

> ## GtkSourceView 2
> A typical search path for GtkSourceView version 2 looks like:

> `~/.local/share/gtksourceview-2.0/styles/`
> `/usr/share/gnome/gtksourceview-2.0/styles/`
> `/usr/local/share/gtksourceview-2.0/styles/`
> `/usr/share/gtksourceview-2.0/styles/`

> If this does not work in your distribution you can find out your style search path with this python script. To run it you need the python bindings for GtkSourceView 2. In Debian-based distributions this is package python-gtksourceview2.

> ## GtkSourceView 3
> A typical search path for GtkSourceView version 3 looks like:

> `~/.local/share/gtksourceview-3.0/styles/`
> `/usr/share/gnome/gtksourceview-3.0/styles/`
> `/usr/local/share/gtksourceview-3.0/styles/`
> `/usr/share/gtksourceview-3.0/styles/`

## VI/VIM
 Place `monokai-vim.vim` in the `colors` directory of `.vim/`

## Emacs
Place `monokai-emacs.el` in the `themes` directory of the `.emacs.d/`

## Netbeans
[Follow this link](http://plugins.netbeans.org/plugin/55859/sublime-monokai-theme-for-netbeans-8)

## Eclipse
[Follow this link](http://www.eclipsecolorthemes.org/?view=theme&id=66)

## JetBrains IDEs
[Follow this link](https://darekkay.com/2014/11/23/monokai-theme-intellij/)

Commit message:

added netbeans intellij eclipse files added atom link

README.md, after:

# Monokai for major text editors and IDEs

## I have personally created the qtCreator and KDE themes.

### All others are made by their respective authors and under GPL.
## qtCreator:
Put `monokai-qt.xml` in `~/.config/QtProject/qtcreator/styles/` and select scheme in Text Editor preferences.

## KDE
Simply import `Monokai.kateschema` in Settings fonts and colors

## Gnome
Credit to Leo Iannacone for creating the gnome version

> From the gnome wiki
> ## How to install
> To install a style just place its XML file into a folder of the style search path.

> ## GtkSourceView 2
> A typical search path for GtkSourceView version 2 looks like:

> `~/.local/share/gtksourceview-2.0/styles/`
> `/usr/share/gnome/gtksourceview-2.0/styles/`
> `/usr/local/share/gtksourceview-2.0/styles/`
> `/usr/share/gtksourceview-2.0/styles/`

> If this does not work in your distribution you can find out your style search path with this python script. To run it you need the python bindings for GtkSourceView 2. In Debian-based distributions this is package python-gtksourceview2.

> ## GtkSourceView 3
> A typical search path for GtkSourceView version 3 looks like:

> `~/.local/share/gtksourceview-3.0/styles/`
> `/usr/share/gnome/gtksourceview-3.0/styles/`
> `/usr/local/share/gtksourceview-3.0/styles/`
> `/usr/share/gtksourceview-3.0/styles/`

## VI/VIM
 Place `monokai-vim.vim` in the `colors` directory of `.vim/`

## Emacs
Place `monokai-emacs.el` in the `themes` directory of the `.emacs.d/`

## Atom
[Follow this link](https://atom.io/themes/monokai)
## Netbeans
Import the plugin

## Eclipse
Import the preferences

## JetBrains IDEs
Credits: https://darekkay.com/2014/11/23/monokai-theme-intellij/

File → Import Settings → Select the jar file

Restart IntelliJ

If the color scheme isn’t applied automatically, go to File → Settings → Editor → Color & Fonts and select the right scheme
